Hi, I’m Ryan Hall, a Digital Designer
and Front-End Developer based in
Madison, WI. It’s nice to meet you.

My name is Irakli Svanidze and I'm Junior-Front-End Developer
currently based in Tbilisi,Georgia

About.
Howdy, I'm Derek, a web designer, and developer located in Austin, TX. I have over 16 years of experience with front-end development, web design.

My core development technologies are WordPress, HTML, CSS, Javascript, and PHP. My core design technologies are paper, pen, Figma, Webflow, and the ever-powerful browser-based design.

I believe that good things take time and great things take sacrifice. I also believe that we should try our best to laugh as much as possible.

Freelance developer from Paris, France. I invest a lot of energy in trying to do significant work with good code and design

I’m Marco Grimaldi a passionate Digital Art Director & Visual Designer with several years of experience, starting from the concept up to the final result. I'm a branding, typography and design lover.

I’m based in London , currently working as Senior Creative at Phantom and judge at FWA.

Hi, I’m Ryan Hall, a Digital Designer
and Front-End Developer based in
Madison, WI. It’s nice to meet you.

I'm Justin Windle, a Creative Developer from London who likes to mix code, animation, interactivity and generative design. I work across the full JavaScript stack and have presented my work at conferences like Resonate and FITC. Formerly Google Creative Lab / Qwiki / FI. Currently Spotify.

As a passionate front-end developer, I create amazing websites and web apps to make the internet a better place. I am an advocate for web performance and accessibility as well as a JAMstack enthusiast with experience in serverless technologies.

Hello! I'm Clarence. I started learning web development in May 2020, which is the start of the pandemic. I have nothing much to do so I decided to learn web development from a udemy course, then started watching a bunch of
youtube videos
to explore more about web development especially frontend development.

There are a lot of things and technologies to learn in frontend development and I am motivated to learn as much as possible. I enjoy learning something new and getting feedback to make myself better and improve.

Hi Everyone, I am Soumyajit Behera from Bhubaneswar, India.
I am a junior pursuing IMSC in Maths and Computing in BIT Mesra.

hi, i'm Abhishek Naidu, a passionate self-taught full stack web developer and a freelance software engineer from india. my passion for software lies with dreaming up ideas and making them come true with elegant interfaces. i take great care in the experience, architecture, and code quality of the things I build.
